This collection is associated with the article "Emergence of habitual
control in a novel motor skill over multiple days of practice". This
code generates all figures related to the tracking task. Raw data is
contained in the folder "Data". The data is further subdivided into
folders for the 2-day, 5-day, and 10-day training groups, participants
in each group, and blocks for each participant.

The numerical order of the blocks correspond to the chronological
order that participants performed the experiment. Certain block
numbers are followed by underscores (*_*.dat) which indicates the
block type. Blocks without underscores indicate tracking under the
bimanual mapping. Blocks with underscores correspond to tracking under
the following conditions:

      *_baseline: baseline mapping
      *_darkBaseline: baseline mapping without visual feedback
      *_dark: bimanual mapping
      *_habit: flipped mapping
      *_habitDark: flipped mapping without visual feedback

Data from each trial is stored as separate .dat files within each
block folder. The columns in each .dat file correspond to the
following:

      columns 1-2: target x/y position
      columns 3-4: left hand x/y position
      columns 5-6: right hand x/y position
      columns 7-8: cursor x/y position
      columns 9: state of the experiment, represented as a number
            1: trial epoch
	    7: intertrial interval
	    9: start cue appears
      column 11: timestamp of data collection
      all other columns: extraneous information not used for analysis

Also stored is a "tFile" which defines the frequencies, amplitudes,
and phases used to generate the target's sum-of-sinusoids
trajectory. The values in the tFile can be read as follows:

      values 1-6: x frequencies
      values 7-12: y frequencies
      values 13-18: x amplitudes
      values 19-24: y amplitudes
      values 25-30: x phases
      values 31-36: y phases

All analyses can be performed and all figures generated by simply
running main.m. All other .m files are functions that are used by
main.m for analysis or plotting. Briefly, these functions do the
following:

      analyze_data.m: primary data anlysis
      editErrorBar.m: changes appearance of shadedErrorBar object
      fourier.m: performs Fourier analysis of data
      graph_flipGain.m: plots gain of movements from flip block
      graph_gainMatrix.m: plots cursor direction by frequency
      graph_MSE.m: plots mean-squared error b/w target and cursor
      shadedErrorBar.m: plots shaded error bars

The script shadedErrorBar.m was created by another person, and the
associated license for this script can be found in the "Licenses"
folder.

This code requires the Signal Processing Toolbox in MATLAB.